feat(DateTimePicker): Add timezone (#1987)
cengage/react-magma: website/react-magma-docs/src/pages/api/date-time-picker.mdx

}
```

## Timezone

> Optional time zone to display with the selected date and time (e.g. "America/New_York").

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optional timezone to display with the selected date and time.
```

If provided, the component will display its short abbreviation (e.g. "EST") and include the time zone when returning values.
The `timezone` prop expects a valid time zone identifier supported by [date-fns](https://date-fns.org/v2.0.0-alpha.27/docs/Time-Zones), such as `"America/New_York"`, `"Europe/London"`, or `"Asia/Tokyo"`.
The component validates the value against the list provided by date-fns and will not accept invalid or unsupported identifiers.

```tsx
import React from 'React';
import { DateTimePicker } from 'react-magma-dom';

export function Example() {
  return (

>     <DateTimePicker

Reviewer: Can we include an example of the data the component gives back?
